Add pipeline instructions: finding best model and reusing nodes. (#150)
valohai/docs: source/tutorials/quickstart/quickstart-pipeline.rst

* Click on the **Create pipeline** button
* Select the **blueprint** from the dropdown menu
* You can click on either of the nodes to change their default settings
* Click on the **Create pipeline** button

The pipeline will start execution the train-model step and once it's done start a new deployment. When the deployment goes to ``100% Available`` the pipeline will be marked as completed.

Pipeline with multiple nodes
--------------------------------

For an example with multiple nodes, please see our :ref:`example-projects-quick-start-tensorflow`. 

> * It is noteworthy that when evaluating multiple trained models inside a pipeline, **the comparison for choosing the best model is not done automatically**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is worth noting that when evaluating multiple trained models inside a pipeline, **the comparison for choosing the best model is not done automatically**. 
```
